Change comment about adding reviews (#5)
project-march/.github: pull_request_template.md

* Added topic
-->

> <!-- Reviews are automatically requested after the pull request has been created. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Reviews are automatically requested after the pull request has been created. Only request for a review if you want a specific person to review your changes.-->
```

> <!-- Reviews are automatically requested after the pull request has been created. -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- Reviewers from the software team are automatically requested after the pull request has been created. -->
```

Author: This is not true, other teams and people can also be requested, check the `CODEOWNERS` files

Reviewer 2: Ah, I see
